hi this is Remy and just thought I'd
give a quick tour of the sequoia two
point oh this shows the six channel set
up it has the apo five motor running on
two cells and I've got a lot of mixing
going on which should make life kind of
fun one of them is I've got a second
etalon servo so now we can do flapper on
I should say yeah flapper on with the
elevator and kick that off or we can
just use them as straight up flaps and
you're going to add two cells you do
pick up a little weight so this should
aid in the landings with elevator
compensation also below half throttle or
below the third throttle rhetoric kicks
in coupled rudders so that when you've
got flashed down use that rudder to help
you out there also added to it put and
resist this because they were just so
cool are the little tiny bright lights
so they're pretty slick they got landing
light strobe and an wingtip lights so
they've got it down to a point nine
grams on the lighting system so that
really is good the servos mid 8th slide
off hat so you can just slide it lift it
off and hear it I don't know if you can
see it or not with this little camcorder
but well there's a you can see the two
to the two aileron servo there
wat that are all the way around and then
this ap 05 running on two cells well I
think it's just gonna be just
Gary the power on it is a pretty intense